c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\OpenMEAP.dll
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\OpenMEAP.pdb
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\OpenMEAP_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.g.resources
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.dll
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.pdb
c:\users\codetrix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.g.resources
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\OpenMEAP.dll
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\OpenMEAP.pdb
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\OpenMEAP_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.dll
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.pdb
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\obj\Debug\OpenMEAP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\SharpZipLib.WindowsPhone7.dll
C:\Users\CodeTrix\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Work\OpenMEAP\OpenMEAP\Bin\Debug\SharpZipLib.WindowsPhone7.pdb
